Breaking news is now announced at ptv
dear spectators and what I am here in
the hand probably knows you
from the basic principle of the past
months out that is ours
really brilliant window cleaning robot
give them the windows streak-free
cleans while you finally the time
have been with pleasant things of the
to occupy life
the reason why but just one
breaking news broadcast for you
be prepared is the consistent
further development of our original
sure window cleaner robots for us
We have heard from our customers often
that just the first model from the
first generation of the
noise development sometimes a bit too
was loud and that 's why ours have
technician there again something
touched up and actually have here
according to the latest findings again
something improved so one
improved so-called company
applied this is the version 2 with
state-of-the-art technology and that means
the device is now much quieter in the
normal use with it so times
See what that can look like if there is one
Window cleaner robots her disc
streak free cleans off while they are
with more pleasant things in life
For example, you employ beautiful ones
telephone conversation with the girlfriend or
maybe even a delicious cup
coffee and a look in it
I would like to give them all that
like to show it
the bang at our window
cleaning robot is the point that we are here
also with a double or with
a triple glazed pane
can work because the device works
with negative pressure and not with one
magnet is just it
set and in the lower part
turned on and then comes almost the
supplied remote control to wear
You have three different cleaning
Modes for different window sizes
but quite honestly a whole
simple standard program ranges in the
rule out already around the slices
reliable to clean and how that
I would like to see them here completely
like to show a little hint
my personal experience
just spray the one side something
damp and leave the second
Just dry then know
Namely on the one hand on the
dry on the other side
please look at how reliable
not only about his sensors here
Obstacles in the case, of course, the
window frame recognizes but also
reliable here the pollution of the
it cleans up and that's what he does
long until the sensors no
Dirt more on the disc
recognize
then a small signal sounds and that
everything is finished
then you have to make the window cleaner
robot again from the disc down to
Take it and go back to the cupboard
clear
you can hear it sometimes even a little closer
with my microphone to the device off
we are from the noise development
now here at the level of a whole
normal conversation at room volume
and that's why the device is natural
now here by the consistent
further development of the firmware
actually perfect for home use
suitable now he defends here the whole
time down here I can, of course
sometimes go upstairs when I do that
would like to either use the remote
or anytime, of course, over
the corresponding cleaning programs
I think it's great to see us now
so really reliable in the
lower part here the window frame
with selection not that means dripping
on the bright carpet you can
with it simply forgetting
dear spectators, of course you will get it
from our side a complete set
at home and included in this set
is of course the window cleaner robot
on the one hand the remote control
will of course be delivered with us but we
yes have twelve times this microfiber
containing patch for them in the scope of supply
that means they always can
with large windows or sometimes
with smooth surfaces on mine
Shower cabin for example or the
Tile mirror in the bathroom always
use several towels
and can the second set completely
just look in the washing machine
clean if they are dirty
simply the next with this the
is very simple i can give them that
here on the other model again
demonstrate
So there is no factory tool
to use one simply takes the pads
down and pull a new back on it
a perfect device it is a whole
clear luxury for me if you are here
clear a significant time advantage
in the leisure time has to take over here
quite simply machines the uncomfortable
task of cleaning the window you have the
second generation for her in stock for
under 330 euro dear viewers porto and
Free shipping and delivered with
the nc 58 05 and the 569 i wish
Have fun with it